Because the professor had
meticulously planned to take the police to tolerate,
so they had left a
fantastic crime scene worthy of
just one that the professor did not have was
to return and leave the tracks of
those that the police had already
identified,
they turned into accomplices  and with the
illusion of one day receiving
a million euros by post
[Music]
and all
that was your father
and we are going to do it for him
[Music]
without him doing what he had to do.
What do soldiers do in war?
What do we do with animals when
we don't want them to suffer without hatred as an
act of humanity
[Music]
and I also did what I had to do, get
out of the [ __ ] car,
tell us about the chernobyl plan.
a mindless one and the plan to
go find your son sucks you
get arrested for having been the
authority
and move
[Music]
the beginning of a beautiful friendship
and that's how I started
All that would be the end of the robbery the
worst that can happen to you when you direct
a robbery is first that they arrest you for
leaving the inspector's ex-husband unconscious,
not also the prints and if they
also coincide with those that appeared
in a patrol car  that is part of
the investigation is the process
you have raquel thank god i am i am
saved thousands that we have
a service agent for your husband more
specifically like
but
in qamishli you are in one of taps we are
going to go out through the hole you are
digging we are not going  to go out for one that
focuses directly on the vault
was
this man wants to file a complaint
for abuse of authority you have to do
an injury report it
was a very bad idea to talk to the trains
far away
that it was not worth sacrificing for
a plan that already had  failed
for the teacher's plan and even more thinking
that he had also deceived me
[Music]
newsflash the assistant inspector
angel blond could leave d  The coma
kept him in an induced coma after suffering a
traffic accident. They
can go away.
I want you to tell the river that as
captain of this ship, I am going to get your
foot out of jail whatever the last
thing he does, that is a very professor, yes sir
[  Music]
as you know we have released the
companions who chose freedom so
no one here has deceived anyone we have
fulfilled our promise
[Music]
is entering the room
Angel had to get very close to the subject
to get height and we
had to  adapt the hands against it
seems
the hands against him seems a man
who turns to betray kills
if he wants freedom again
kills that you are decided by collaboration
in the assault with trains to the
national mint and stamp factory,
they see that it is not right
finally staying at the third time was the expired
30 for 12 h
[Music]
but keep going
[Music] well
look at this is the proof that I am telling
the truth you
don't have to  kill me
let's have like a sieve
and they have discovered once
we get into trouble
let's go let's go 85
pulse needs a transfusion of
zero negative plasma
electoral is being investigated for
possible collaboration in the robbery and
obstruction of justice but hey
all that  You already know it with the special
confidence that she has with her
[Music]
I have to go through some of these
streets to get to the cafeteria and
I'm sure that some
security camera recorded it, they
just have to hold out a little longer
because how I do is say
well
ah
this child
that this child is going to need a father
[Music]
4 million
and I am
[Applause]
[Music]
the only slogan is that there is no order for
any of these sons of [ __ ] to come out alive. It
is clear
you have to  let go unless an angel
if not within 15 minutes to talk
to the police tell him where you are
but trust you
because they have relieved you of the case
because they think I belong to and  sa gang
of robbers
[Music]
to
and it's not the address
I don't remember anything
I don't remember a [ __ ] [ __ ]
[Music]
what are you doing berlin someone has
to take the trench and hot on his
heels choose his daughter or  a guy
you didn't know just a week ago,
tell me that address
[Music]
well to
him
[Music]
and
ah
[Music]
but be mine